List down 3 fixed mindset statements you have towards yourself and turn that into 3 statements of growth mindset. Examples of fixed mindsets include:

Example 1:  I don’t like talking in front of the public
Example 2: I don’t like confrontation

Once you’ve listed down your challenges: 
1. For every fixed mindset statement that you’ve written, ask yourself 5 Whys of the situation to understand yourself better, i.e. why you develop such mindset. You may provide a situation and the context (e.g. what your role was, what you did, where and when it happened). 

2. Provide 3 challenges to turn your fixed mindset into growth mindset.

3. Explain your plan to overcome those challenges. 

Answer in an essay format for a minimum of 300 words.

Remember, your way of thinking determines your direction. Know that you are capable of so much more than you can imagine.

1. I don't like reading
2. I don't like writing
3. I don't like to journaling what i have done


Challenges
1. To challenges of my self to reading , i have some plan from doing some little exercise like everyday try to reading start from article, news, short story, novels, and the other books that related to what i like or i am doing right now.
2. To challenges of my self to writing , i have some plan from doing some little exercise like every materials i have finished to study i do like to have some summary from what i have done and i want to start share my skill with write an article in medium.
3. To keep my self on track i do like journaling my daily routine in my private book.

My plan to execute the challenges
To make i am on the track see my progress i do like to start to journaling my daily routine. And back then i can start to see the track what i have done on my reading and writing skills.
In the first week i will start to keep consistent doing in every night before i sleep. To make my self keep spirit i will make a punishment and reward to myself. For now i am thinking to give a reward on buy a thing a like and for the punishment i cannot login to game that i like to play right now for 1 until 2 days. For more brutal if i am not doing it in 1 week i will try to delete my game and the other thing that can procrastinate myself doing some challenges.

Why i choose 3 mindset above

I like visual media other than reading and writing that's why i need to change my mindset. And also i like to procrastinate my job when doing some project because i have forget about time when doing some gaming or scrolling a social media. To keep me tracking on time i do like to journaling and can also improve my skill in reading and writting. 